hayatim guys this is AJ Mik Salehi
showing you a GTA 5 online multiplayer
online glitch and also say guys I'm
sorry I'm not posted for a few days but
I am NOT back now I was doing something
busy for you guys then you'll find out
soon what we'll be doing and what we're
releasing on my channel today see ya
know guys let's get started so before
get finished I'd also say can please get
tuning likely we can smash the like
button I posted a new money glitch in my
next video as a piece be posting free
glitches tonight on my channel so yeah
so if you don't know I do approach
utilities every single day so subscribe
my channel we've got more to see a money
glitches online yay as well if you don't
know how to earn GTA free money because
you can earn up to or can get get more
but I've made a video of actually
earning up to 8 million GTA online money
and by clicking the link in the
scripture and the lincoln video guy so
go on that link put my fire code and you
can earn points when your end point you
can buy an xbox live codes within codes
you can buy GTA money online see ya guys
let's get started step one make sure you
have the flicker Bank hires completed up
until the second step in the mission you
also need as many care apples as
possible step to make sure before you
start the second part of the mission you
already have a personal vehicle on the
street this is required step 3 start up
the second step the creamer part of the
mission step 4 drive to the crew on the
map then kill all the people near the
creamer then get into the crewman in hot
back out and blow the car up step 5 once
you are on your way into the clouds have
you and your friends spam Artie until
the mission restarts step 6 do not go
close to the vehicle and just go to your
own garage step 7 have your friend help
when you do the glitch and stand outside
your
a-rod's so this means make sure your
friends keep looking at your vehicles
because if neither disappear and all
that lot so make sure you friendly
standing outside your garrow's while you
drive your cars out and make sure he's
always there looking at your vehicles
and make sure he doesn't doesn't turn
his screen away from your vehicles at
all times step a drive out your super
car you would like to duplicate parking
near your garage but make sure your
friend does not stop looking at it so
when you do the glitch make sure your
friends don't stop looking at guys
because it warned at work because when
he turns his back it won't be there so
make sure your friend is keep looking at
your car step 9 go back into your garage
and pull out a redbull get out of the
rebel and get into the nice car and
drive it into the same garage the rebel
came from from the vehicle will
duplicate but it will be invisible until
you go into a regular online session
step 10 once you you and your friend are
done duplicating vehicles leave the game
without completing the mission so that
way next time you want to do the glitch
you will already be ready to go with the
exact mission so yeah guys that's it
simple ten steps it was hard to
understand this pause the screen em you
know watch it and read it all of that
lot guys that's really simple really
easy so subscribe my channel more great
videos on GTA 5 video post glitches
daily and content and that lot we've got
top 5 video coming today I did promise
that a few days ago boy is coming to the
guys and they promised that as well so
yeah so yeah just have a great day sign
up for a bouncy with my feral link
because you'll get points on that you'll
get loads of points because I'm
sponsored by them plus what with an
point you can buy GTA online money and
so are before in one video I bought
eight more you in GTA online so go try
it out guys it'll definitely work and
trust me you will not regret signing up
because you can get those GT online
money yeah yeah it's a yet enjoy have a
great day subscribe and I'll see you
next time peace out
you